{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The manuscript was quite substantially changed due to the introduction\
of the package XML2R. The data handling seems to be simplified due to\
this change and I did find the description of the necessary steps much\
easier to understand this time. I would only like to suggest that a\
reference to the CRAN Task View on Web Technologies and alternative\
implementations is added and it is explained why these alternatives\
were not used for XML data handling.\
\
The points raised in the previous round seem to be suitably\
addressed. There are only a few small remarks which need to be\
addressed. Further small changes which are of a mere typographical\
nature were already included in the tex and bib file.\
\
Remarks:\
\
o Do you want to refer to virtual memory or random-access memory (RAM)?\
\
> I think I want RAM. I changed those passages accordingly.\
\
o I was wondering if would be better to refer to the data is binary\
  instead of binomial.\
\
> Yes, good point. I actually say categorical now so it is more general. \
Thanks!\
\
o I would suggest to improve the labels of the panels in the\
  figures. Maybe it is batter to use stance instead of stand and also\
  another name could be used for p_throws. Using also a higher\
  resolution should be tried out.\
\
> I improved the labeling and changed all figures to pdf format.\
\
Unclear remarks in the last review:\
\
The comment about documentation refers to the Rd files in the R\
package. As you can see for example for ?lm the Value section starts\
with:\
\
\'91lm\'92 returns an object of \'91class\'92 \'91"lm"\'92 or for multiple responses of\
class \'91c("mlm", "lm")\'92.\
\
I suggested to similarly document which objects are returned by the\
functions in the package.\
\
> Oh, OK. I'm still not sure what exactly I should do here. All the exported \
functions (that aren't deprecated) currently have a Value section. \
Do you want a more detailed Value section for help(scrape)?\
If so, I can add some documentation that essentially duplicates \
information in Table 1 of the paper and include that in the next version\'85\
\
Further comment on the documentation: The help package for scrapeFX()\
should be changed to indicate that it is deprecated and it should be\
referred to scrape().\
\
> I changed the documentation for ?scrapeFX and ?urlsToDataFrame \
so this will be more obvious in the next version\'85\
\
\
}